#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking dev.requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphene
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
astroid==2.14.2
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gql
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via nbconvert
black==23.1.0
    # via -r dev.requirements.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   dagit
    #   dagster
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
croniter==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
dagit==1.1.18
    # via -r requirements.txt
dagster==1.1.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagit
    #   dagster-graphql
dagster-graphql==1.1.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagit
datasets==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   evaluate
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
    #   pylint
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
evaluate==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   universal-pathlib
google-auth==2.16.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
gql[requests]==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster-graphql
graphene==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster-graphql
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gql
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   graphene
grpcio==1.47.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   tensorboard
grpcio-health-checking==1.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
httptools==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imbalanced-learn==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.21.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.10.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via pylint
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r dev.requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.5.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.2.1
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.14.4
    # via -r dev.requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
lightning-utilities==0.6.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytorch-lightning
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.3
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclassic==0.5.1
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r dev.requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   dagster
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qtpy
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.0
    # via black
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==3.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   tensorboard
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pylint==2.16.1
    # via -r dev.requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.2.1
    # via -r dev.requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   croniter
    #   dagster
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
python-dotenv==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.5
    # via jupyter-events
pytorch-lightning==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
    #   pandas
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pendulum
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupytext
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
    #   dagster-graphql
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fsspec
    #   gql
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gql
responses==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
sentencepiece==0.1.97
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.46
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   dagster
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagit
    #   dagster-graphql
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
tensorboard==2.11.2
    # via -r dev.requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   dagster
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
toposort==1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
torch==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   dagster
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pydantic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
universal-pathlib==0.0.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gql
    #   requests
    #   responses
uvicorn[standard]==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagit
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
watchdog==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dagster
watchfiles==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.38.4
    # via tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via astroid
xxhash==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   gql

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
